come on girls let's go rock climbing Oh
welcome to rockies how may I help you hi
yes my two daughters are here to climb
just two people so you just like to
watch yes I'm going to watch and
videotape them okay then um okay let me
get someone okay guys this is Eliza and
she'll be helping you all right let's
get these girls fitted into harnesses
okay this is their first time rock
climbing hi I'll go at the houses they
are excuse me but are you sure rock
climbing here is safe oh yes we always
have someone supervising all right have
you ever had any injuries oh well yes
how many well or it depends on what year
you're talking about uh what about this
week this week we have had none has
anyone been killed this year no one has
been killed ever here okay well except
for this one guy that had a heart attack
attack line when Joey's oh nothing
severe just like a broken arm or
something I know soon a dick don't get a
heart attack he had heart problems
anyone in climbed with us he was scared
no he had heart problems on ask you dad
yes no let's get you girls such a new
harness come on girls so you can stay
here all right okay girls come in here
and I'll help you
the girls now they're all harnessed up
let's go back okay um if you girls want
I can help you with your rope or I can
get someone else to daddy what do you
think she seems to know what she's doing
so yeah we can get her to help us all
right and then should you guys want a
girl or a boy helping you besides me
because I can only hold one rope thank
you all right I'll get Erica phony
All Right girls I'm nervous about this
20 he wants Erica okay all right come on
let's get you settled up okay all right
there's let's go Catherine nice platform
hey enemy I know your name all right sir
we have a nice from where you can
video to please get off sure all right
here we go it's a trampoline but all do
excellent thank you all right okay gonna
go get my video camera all right
Catherine let me get this on Ian's all
right there now I've got in my room and
I will pull you down on your neck okay
hey darlin what's your name my name is
Allison all right Allison let's get this
on you I've got my room and let's go I'm
back with my cameras all right I'm all
set up are you ready hey Catherine I'm
pretty sure I can't miss this honey go
ahead and step on the red block okay are
you sure no one's gonna fall to their
death to their death what what about it
all how you get off the wall we pull you
down but it's basically like falling
sounds like something my girls would
like each ear wonderful now are you able
to reach up for that hex hey all right
okay here you read even go yeah all
right sweetheart why don't you reach for
the small pink one be careful dear now
if you're just able to reach the red one
above it you should be done here now why
don't you try the big
great let me know if you want to come
down excuse me my daughter is hanging
upside down yeah yeah I got it
sweetheart why don't you reach up for
them one primary sweetie round your
roots for the Red Cross let me know if
you want to come down my job why don't
you try to reach for the big mouth at
once too far away why don't you reach
for the big pink went ahead and my best
dear why don't you reach for the red one
red one do your part of the closer we
can get the side job hey darl now if you
just step up to that green one I'm sure
you can make it what did I mention that
there are ice cream sundaes if you walk
around it up through the top thank you
candy right now just climb on top and I
don't you excuse me did I hear you say
ice cream suckers fact I did yeah well I
would love to have an ice cream sundae
if your other daughter makes it up you
can come back there how do i get x
regard to climb all um yes who knew it's
ok set enter on let's get you harnessed
answer I'm gonna call in one of the men
because I don't think I'm strong enough
to lift you back good fine but just lose
once alright so what's your name
I'm Jack and I want an ice cream sundae
hey sir we're gonna get you an ice cream
sundae here um reach up for the heart
okay now climb over at the top and there
will be a fresh ice cream sundae week
aye sir just get up as fast as you want
ice cream sundae well that was fun
you're gonna put hello and
congratulations for making it at the top
may I tell you we are out of ice cream
sundaes what I please still have tons of
snacks and soda what I wanted an ice
cream sundae I'm so sorry sir but we
have some delicious snacks and even
cookies I'll be right back Wow oh my fur
desk now who wants the orange Fanta all
right she's orange Fanta and we have
cherry and grape soda e
who all have the cherry now I have
bombards for kids and cookies for the
bad hey kids three bum bars and sir
here's your move oh stop eating out on
my desk huh well I didn't get my ice
cream but that sure was fun Susie you
bet your dad and you're right you got
your dad